[CUBRIDMAN-240] max_query_per_tran 설정 값 관련 설명 추가 (#544)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/config.rst

|                               +-------------------------------------+-------------------------+---------+----------+--------------------------------+-----------------------+
|                               | intl_number_lang                    | client parameter        | O       | string   |                                | available             |
|                               +-------------------------------------+-------------------------+---------+----------+--------------------------------+-----------------------+

> |                               | json_max_array_idx                  | server parameter        | O       | int      | 65,536                         | available             |

Author: 이 수정 사항은 본 이슈와 연관은 없지만
타입이 string이 아니라, int인데, 잘못 표기되어 있어서  수정했습니다.

    The limit is not applied to arrays generated by parsing strings.

**max_query_per_tran**

    **max_query_per_tran** is a parameter used to set the maximum number of queries (unclosed queries) that can be held per transaction.

>     The default setting is 100, the minimum value is 1, and the maximum value is 32,767. Be careful not to set this value too big, as it may increase the memory used and affect the overall system performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**max_query_per_tran**

    **max_query_per_tran** is a parameter used to set the maximum number of queries (unclosed queries) that can be held per transaction.

    The default setting is 100, the minimum value is 1, and the maximum value is 32,767. Be careful not to set this value too high, as it may increase memory usage and affect overall system performance.
```
